// Your recommended changes go here

## Content (1-2 paragraphs)
  While at the Washington Post, I worked on creating a proprietary software application to replace an outdated third-party application which no longer met our needs.  This new software was supposed to include multiple large scale functions such as a customer service portal, calculating the amount of newspapers to print daily, maintaining existing and creating new newspaper delivery truck routes, as well as creating and maintaining paper marketing promotions.  The first challenge we faced was trying to help the non tech-savvy executive management team understand the new user interface for the end user while explaining the back end functions of the product in a manner they could comprehend as well.  Some manual processes that were in the previous program were now “invisible” making it difficult for them to understand that they and other tasks were still occurring.  We had to tailor our presentations to these individuals with limited technical background so that they were confident in what was going on and could provide input that was useful for us to use in further developing the program and completing the project.  Additionally, The Post intended to market the software to other companies, so we had to think about potential client’s needs, while still addressing the concerns of our primary in-house users.  Balancing all of these factors proved difficult but not impossible.
  
  Maintaining the best navigation practices throughout the entire software tool was another unique challenge we faced.  Manual data entry continues to be a huge component of maintaining newspaper subscription information.  The clerks constantly receive new subscriber information in a variety of handwritten ways ranging from phone call notes, returns from sales flyer promotions, and new subscriber post cards.  Many of these “new” subscribers currently have an active subscription, or did in the past.  The data clerks needed the ability to save the subscriber information as they inputted it into the database while being able to navigate away from their current page in order to verify information in another section of the software.  In the old system, this was an easy way to create a duplicate account as there was no cross checking of data fields against existing records.  This back and forth process not only wasted time, but allowed for a significant amount of data to be lost while shifting back and forth within the program to research customer information, delivery routes, etc.  The solution to help all of the navigational challenges was to add breadcrumb navigation.  This showed the users exactly where they were located within the program as well as places they could navigate back to.  There were multiple steps within each process, and if anything needed to be double checked, or a new route needed to be created, the data was saved.  Users could now easily navigate between steps and enter information in a seamless fashion, and never have to worry about losing any information.  Depending on how the user worked, they could toggle between tabs to verify information as well as using breadcrumbs to back track and correct data.  They could also open the tabs in multiple browser windows to see information side by side.  Our great UX solutions, such as breadcrumbs, significantly reduced the number of actions a user needed to take and also reduced human error.
